docs: expand component generation steps (#2648)
adobe/spectrum-web-components: projects/documentation/content/guides/generating-components.md

   package.json
```

> From here, peek into the `package.json` file and ensure the "devDependency" of `@spectrum-css/spectrumpattern` listed there is of the most current version.

Author: ```suggestion
From here, peek into the `package.json` file and ensure the "devDependency" of `@spectrum-css/spectrumpattern` (replacing "spectrumpattern" with the pattern you're implementing, such as "badge" or "tooltip") listed there is of the most current version.
```

> Outside of your new package, you will need to manually add information about your new package to both the `tsconfig-all.json` file and the `bundle` package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Outside of your new package, you will need to manually add information about your new package to both the `tsconfig-all.json` file and the `bundle` package:
```

> The `tsconfig-all.json` config is used to build types for the project in paralell with the JS build that is handled outside of `tsc`. Within that file, find the "references" listing and add an entry for you package (`{ "path": "packages/spectrum-pattern" }`) alphabetically, including a comma at the end of the line if it is not the last entry in the list. This will ensure that the types for your new package are available throughout the library, include at demonstration and test time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open `tsconfig-all.json`, find "references", and add an entry for your package (`{ "path": "packages/component-you-are-adding" }`) alphabetically. The `tsconfig-all.json` config is used to build types for the project in parallel with the JS build that is handled outside of `tsc`. This will ensure that the types for your new package are available throughout the library, include at demonstration and test time.
```

> The `bundle` package makes it possible to build demo projects with _all_ of the components from the library registered in a single place, and is also leveraged for ease of component consumption in the documentation site build. While your new package should be installed there by default (confirm this in `packages/bundle/package.json`), you will need to include a listing for your package in the `elements.ts` and `src/index.js` files found in the `bundle` package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Include a listing for your package in `bundle/elements.ts` and `bundle/src/index.js`. Then, confirm that your new package is already listed in `packages/bundle/package.json`. The `bundle` package makes it possible to build demo projects with _all_ of the components from the library registered in a single place, and is also leveraged for ease of component consumption in the documentation site build.
```

> -   In `elements.ts`, please add any, and all (if your package registers more than one element), element registration files to the imports there in, e.g. `import '@spectrum-web-components/spectrum-pattern/sp-spectrum-pattern.js';`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   In `bundle/elements.ts`, please add any, and all (if your package registers more than one element), element registration files to the imports there in, e.g. `import '@spectrum-web-components/spectrum-pattern/sp-spectrum-pattern.js';`.
```

Reviewer 2: Do we want this `sp-spectrum-pattern` to match what we had for your first note, Hunter? Maybe it would make sense to align on naming... maybe say `spectrum-component/sp-spectrum-component` instead?

> -   In `src/index.js`, please add an export for your new packages default entry, e.g. `export * from '@spectrum-web-components/spectrum-pattern';`, so that any classes exported from your package can be imported from this location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   In `bundle/src/index.js`, please add an export for your new packages default entry, e.g. `export * from '@spectrum-web-components/spectrum-pattern';`, so that any classes exported from your package can be imported from this location.
```

> Once these steps have been completed, you can run `yarn` in your terminal to grab any newly-added packages, as well as to ensure that you have the provided CSS processed for use in your component. You'll now be able to see your component in the Storybook, using the command `yarn storybook`, or test its functionality via `yarn test` so that you can dive into fully preparing the pattern for use as a custom element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, run `yarn` in your terminal. This will grab any newly-added packages, as well as to ensure that you have the provided CSS processed for use in your component. You can now see your component in the Storybook, using the command `yarn storybook`, or test its functionality via `yarn test`.
```
